bouvet galloping only meet free reporter or apa doodle
That 's right name for a moment
Wow referred to as also there were when the Hiyatsu
What ai n't there
But I think it's good for Emura jockey to wait for kicking out carefully
Fell into a fortune
It is strange that there are even four corners and you get intellectually
I'm getting header stress, though
Only the power of the hand waiting and kicking out
The aim eu and woman eradication was is does not go born to woman to give now forces
But I will sing and I will be evil
see also okay c Dane Papachari is
Himself actually smooth polite part in taking the work added but little bitty over
Proxy board with a lot of 3000
Bagan's Kate is good
It's probably a conscious country because the technology was cheap, it was a pedigree and the distance was abnormal .
Budget also became Toka's multiplied by 4
I want to clear the distance if
That's why I supported three people
About wishes to you Oh Pullman queuing will be talking in more detail in the next corner
I will
Also re
Future classic mouse operation is positive
This week there will be a 2 year old stake in the 1600m g 3 movie will be held Blue
It was also bought in Npiｰ-kun is doing comes minute other departments unexpected
In the year over
I think I would say that there is such a feeling
I think there are two things in mind
One is at a distance of more than 1000 miles in the future
Do you choose the leaf with the future ?
Or
To Niigata
Do you choose a type that only flat speed has only one
I think there are various stances
I think that there is to say which way Kana emergence this year of nuance x
That's why in Tokyo
I would like to pay attention to horses that have won a distance of over 1600 meters
The first place is that Tokyo of Road Quest June, but it is 1 minute 35 seconds and there is a shackle
This is Yappa-tailed movie to up 33 seconds on the course
Niigata
It is already flat than that
I deserve old age
After
Because I think the group has bought a considerable this year and say, bottom off taking dated charm Yes roof
In the first game
After all of how to win and I bought a single wire Victory Tokyo University students Te I'm What arrived 100 is Tsu Na good
Layer 8 is too much 33 seconds in 8
There is the same up 3 Halong hill I because Tokyo
I think this is worthwhile
Lost
Offer people of all bits Lee Doo
I wonder how I won the tuesday Tuesday before the war
It is necessary if there is a good lack of West Sex Liz-maybe it will be Niigata in front of anything
1800 m
Did was Fukushima 1 minute 48 seconds No. 5
With that power
What
In order to be able to divide the line , the rising trend gradually changes every year of the line Niigata 2- year-old stakes
Continuously Gocha in the middle of the had been reservoir to smoothly splashed up Kyi four years ago won
And is silent because I put out that moving to Gochatto I match of only the last of the straight line 660m
Even the most concave knit also ran well in January
Lamp is coming up and I do Iebaii
So
I Toka not it is better to buy in No I not a turtle's Tokyo
No, that has changed or as not you enter Miroaru to say to soon f ze was this year
I think it will change of course Hey that kneader debut set that
Gran 村 village what
It 's also a passing score, but it's more like this
Zotteyuu I kind of my best hold on if the other party is strong
It is said that it is Niigata debut group
ns 1 have been here so at 40km minute
Sandwiched between the very mouth I'm Kaiserslautern bought also combat in from Toko that each butter
I think it's great
If it is bought by the tactics of the matter there, it will be a wonderful wife-in-the-field dahlia prize
No corners and not win I wonder if I say so 1 minute and 23 seconds 0 probably rise
Tone I can not be so evaluated in almost the same row
Tokyo of a if evaluated
Go up to the end 34 seconds 4 Stay gold after
The rating is in Hey door shape I think I will do my best but children small that it is this
I think it is good
Who's Artboard Quest
Property store
Resistance is also a bit
Are Blanc horizon this Pawa per this
Perhaps
2010 I entered into such a place and I lost my rating if I lost by a gap in all corners but
I think it's okay to think it's time to review again
Then we will look back to the two of you the best only first player this time I say inheritance not a
We will introduce the attention of milk scheduled this week
I hate ak that was talked about in the news
This was the least popular one, right?
Hmm